since moving this nowhere town I'm still
waiting for an ounce of excitement Nancy
Drew check it out the creepy twin
almshouse has gone viral finally things
are about to get a little more
interesting the legend dates back to
1885 when the Colfax brothers who built
twin out had a falling-out over a woman
legend has it you can hear them crying
in the walls sometimes it's weird sounds
like start flickering before these just
stopped making sense you think I'm crazy
huh smidge there's got to be an
explanation so what do we know one we
know a black Mercedes was looking around
20 true we know someone who came in here
and scared us half to death
and three you know it felt insanely real
[Music]
Mean Girls first the way your brain
works is so cool hello my name is Nancy
Drew like told you this is gonna be
awesome
she is I wish I were half as brave as
you
you're as persuasive as your dad and as
righteous as your mom was so safe to
carry yeah don't drop it okay don't stop
funny
stop you committed several families hate
their only felonies of your 18
delivering justice it's my duty
[Music]
let me sound is so much more fun with
you in it so how do we get it well I
figured you know how to pick a lot oh
now I'm public enemy number one no I
just thought seriously Nance I'm gonna
pick the locker what oh yeah totally
can you drive technically
you skate a lot better than you drive
[Music]
you